fix: ensure optional routes with matchers and catch-all match correctly (#9987)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/great-beans-retire.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: Optional routes with matchers and catchall don't match correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: ensure optional routes with matchers and catch-all match correctly
```
